Recently , i ’ ve been doing my due diligence on the Kennedy conspiracy . I ’ m not a conspiracy theorist , but after looking into the death of MLK , I thought I should look into the JFK conspiracy . I know the basics , such as the Magic Bullet , the motorcycles audio recording , etc , but I am somewhat confused . I ’ ve heard of the CIA hiding tapes and covering up evidence surrounding the conspiracy , which would solidify it as true for me , but i ’ ve yet to actually find anything actually proving that . Could somebody give me an example of the CIA doing this ?
this vid goes into the painting on the `` egypt station '' album . load the vid up on youtube but do n't play it , to see the painting . note the `` tree '' which looks like a yagi antennae with an array of lines at the top - this looks very much like an electroculture antenna design . https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=4l-Uxq_-tdw i 'd also note that the book , `` memoirs of billy shears '' , which has driven a lot of this newfound interest in the Paul Is Dead theory , is full of detail on various esoteric topics , and accurately so too , which is even rarer . anyway , it looks like there 's an intimation of free energy tech that goes as far back as the ancient egyptians , in this specific painting . for a primer on electroculture go here - https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=peNdA9PJRK0
In most other countries you can purchase some form of antibiotics , many anti-anxiety , attention deficit , psychiatry , a few pain medications , and other medicines over the counter . In the USA you can hardly buy anything over the counter ! There are a few cold/ allergy meds ( besides the allergy medicine behind the counter you need to sign for ) , a few anti-inflammatory pain meds , one or two anti-diarrhea meds , and that almost sums it up . And it seems they are slowly attempting to remove these medicines from the shelves too . The rest of the medicines are controlled and difficult to get even from the doctors and psychiatrists office most of the time ( besides psychiatric meds that help brain wash people further ) . This is complete and utter madness ! Government and corporations want to have full and utter complete control over your mind and body !
all the conspiracies , no matter confirmed or debunked , are all flying on the internet , and many people already are aware of gov invading other contries with tax money , using hitman clapse other govs , spread toxic chem or vac in the past , illegally surveil on citizen , corruption , police brutality , inside trade etc . the list goes on and on , problem is people today are so numb to these wrong doing that more seems to be OK with them . In the past people actually do stuff fiercely to tear down the situation , like french revolution , religious reformation war , people are so tamed by entertainment today